[Migration guide] Improve part about using translations in AppProvider (#2312)
Shopify/polaris-react: documentation/guides/migrating-from-v3-to-v4.md

<AppProvider />

// new
<AppProvider i18n={translations}>
```

`translations` can be handled in different ways, depending on your needs.

#### Statically

You can specify translation file explicitly:

```jsx
import translations from '@shopify/polaris/locales/en.json';
```

This approach is suitable:

- when project have only one specific locale
- inside tests when you don't care which translations to use and need to pass any

#### Dynamically

What if your project supports different locales? Don't import all translation files as in example above - it's not optimal, you will end up with all translations in your bundle. What you need is to dynamically choose translations. There are 2 options.

> First option: you can copy/paste [translation files](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/tree/master/locales) from Polaris into your project , into `translations` folder in the same place where your `AppProvider` is used. Then internationalization hook will work as usual and automatically will pick them up. You have freedom of controlling all translations, however, manual copy/pasting and updating is required.

Reviewer: I really dislike this first option - it means consumers have to constantly check for new translations  that are added to polaris, which feels like a complicated waste of time.

Can you remove this, and push people towards the second option?

```jsx
const [i18n] = useI18n();

return (
  <AppProvider linkComponent={ErrorLink} i18n={i18n.translations[0]}>
    {children}
  </AppProvider>
);
```

> Second option: translations are loaded from Polaris package dynamically based on locale. In this case you don't need to copy/paste anything, your code will use latest translations.

Reviewer: Can we add a note in here that points out that this uses `@shopify/react-i18n`

```jsx
import en from '@shopify/polaris/locales/en.json';

export function AppProviderWithI18n({children}: Props) {
  const [i18n] = useI18n({
    id: 'Polaris',
    fallback: en,
    translations: async (locale) => {
      const translationsLocale = locale && locale !== '' ? locale : 'en';

>       const dictionary = await import(

Reviewer: What happens if the requested locale is one not yet supported by Polaris? Ideally we want to support every language web supports, but we might miss when one is added.

And slight bikeshed: do we need the dictionaty intermediate variable? 

```ks
return (await import(
    /* webpackChunkName: "Polaris-i18n-[request]" */ `@shopify/polaris/locales/${translationsLocale}.json`
)).default;
```

Author: I just checked it with non-existing locale and I see that fallback translations are used in this case. Also, no worries about errors in this case - in [docs](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/tree/master/packages/react-i18n#translations) it's written, "The translations function can also throw and react-i18n will handle the situation gracefully"

Reviewer: Fantastic, thanks for that context - I'm not familiar with how react-i18n works internally.

// new
import translations from '@shopify/polaris/locales/en.json';
<AppProvider i18n={translations}>
```

> If you wish to dynamically load translations based on a provided locale see the [AppProvider README](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/blob/master/src/components/AppProvider/README.md#using-translations) for more information.

Reviewer 2: Should we mention it's only relevant if you use `@shopify/react-i18n`?

Reviewer: We mention that in the README, people will find out soon enough.

Reviewer 2: It seems odd to me we're directing people to another page, then letting them know we actually meant we can show you how to use dynamically load translations if you use our internationalization package and our non-opened sourced tool without public docs or webpack (with maybe custom config required). Keeping in mind the majority of projects consuming polaris are not internal.

Reviewer: Sadie brought this up as well. let's add a note in :)

> If you wish to dynamically load translations based on a provided locale see the [AppProvider README](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/blob/master/src/components/AppProvider/README.md#using-translations) for more information.

Reviewer 3: I think it'd be good to mention `@shopify/react-i18n` up front in this case. Here's an option (the link needs to be added, sorry I couldn't find it): 

```suggestion
If you use [`@shopify/react-i18n`](link) and want to dynamically load translations based on a provided locale,  see the [AppProvider README](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/blob/master/src/components/AppProvider/README.md#using-translations) for more information.
```

Reviewer: Andrew mentioned this too - I'm 👍 on this change
